Essay

With the continuous progress of technology, the technological products created by human beings have brought unprecedented value to human society. With the support of technology, people's life has become more and more convenient. These technology products such as smartphones, smart watches, floor robots, translators, and other products are serving all aspects of human life. As mentioned in the article "Artificial intelligence and life in 2030," it states that “the success of AI applications will be measured by the value they create for human life.” But is this really the case? In this article, the authors explored the current applications of Artificial intelligence (AI) and the possible impact of its future development on human society, but some of the analysis of AI and the conclusions drawn in the article seem somewhat cavalier. I will discuss AI replacing occupations, the risks of medical applications, and its algorithms risks.

This article, "Artificial intelligence and life in 2030," is too idealistic in proposing solutions to the labor problems caused by AI. The author discusses the positive and negative effects on human society of AI's current and future replacement of certain human jobs. For example, the development of self-driving technology is safer than human drivers, and as the technology continues to be upgraded and improved, the application of this AI will severely impact the jobs of transportation workers. Self-driving cars will gradually replace the work of truck and cab drivers, which will lead to the unemployment of these workers. The author then states in the article that AI will lead to new careers and new jobs, but it's not as simple as one might think. Is it possible that the emergence of new jobs or new employment opportunities will soon be replaced by AI as well? The answer is yes. According to the article "The Robots Are Coming. Prepare for Trouble," online retailers such as Amazon use AI applications to help customers shop online, using data to advise users on purchases. This is giving e-commerce a growing share of retail but hitting millions of people hard in brick-and-mortar stores. Following the article, it also shows that “While A.I. technology directly threatens existing retail jobs, its downstream impact has created new jobs as well. As it turns out, retail job losses since 2014 have been almost exactly counterbalanced by a gain of 118,000 light-truck or delivery-service driver jobs. The number of heavy-truck and tractor-trailer drivers increased more than 175,000 over the same period, making these two driving jobs among the fastest-growing occupations in the United States.” If the day comes when the field of autonomous driving really develops and becomes widespread, then driving jobs will eventually be replaced by artificial intelligence. So, a key question is, are the new jobs brought about by AI really for the people being replaced? At present, AI covers the field of work of human workers, such as production line workers in factories, manufacturing workers. In the future, when autonomous driving technology becomes more popular, drivers will eventually be replaced.  At this stage people cannot be sure what new occupations will be generated by AI, the current speculation is more AI-related fields of occupation. Hence, how will this group of human workers go about competing for the new careers brought about by AI? It is clear that the occupations replaced by AI will be very challenging for those who work in them, and they will not really benefit from the presence of AI. If the number of people is too large, then the unemployment situation will not be so optimistic, and how the government and society will help these groups to re-enter the workforce.

In the field of healthcare, the article "Artificial intelligence and life in 2030," mentioned a number of technological changes and enhancements brought about by AI. Devices such as healthcare analytics, medical robots, health tracking devices, and other AI-based applications will improve health and enhance overall healthcare. However, the author does not provide a description and assessment of the risks associated with AI in the healthcare field. The tragic accident caused by Tesla's Autopilot is mentioned in the article, which shows that AI systems are risky and error prone. Similarly, in the medical field, one cannot overemphasize the value of AI technology at the expense of its risks. According to the article “Risks and Remedies for Artificial Intelligence in Health Care,” it points out that “If an AI system recommends the wrong drug for a patient, fails to notice a tumor on a radiological scan, or allocates a hospital bed to one patient over another because it predicted wrongly which patient would benefit more, the patient could be injured.” Because of the risk of error in AI systems, such presumed wrong diagnoses due to AI are bound to happen if applied in the medical field.

Furthermore, the article "Artificial intelligence and life in 2030," does not explain m related contents about the security of artificial intelligence algorithms. At the end of the article, Policy and legal considerations do not consider how to deal with the challenges of algorithmic security. Hacking can lead to malfunctions in automated driving that can lead to car accidents. Attacked AI systems in the medical field can be life-threatening or mis-diagnostic to patients. These incidents can occur because AI algorithms are vulnerable to attacks. According to the article “Key challenges for delivering clinical impact with artificial intelligence,” the study shows that “Algorithms have been shown to be susceptible to risk of adversarial attack. Although somewhat theoretical at present, an adversarial attack describes an otherwise-effective model that is susceptible to manipulation by inputs explicitly designed to fool them. For example, in one study, images of benign moles were misdiagnosed as malignant by adding adversarial noise or even just rotation.” Therefore, the security of algorithms should also be an element to be included in AI research and regulation. This is not selected and clearly pointed out in the article "Artificial intelligence and life in 2030," which seems undesirable that it does not as a part of policy scenario and plan.

Overall, the article "Artificial intelligence and life in 2030," is a detailed and rigorous account of the applications and problems of AI in various fields. Most contents of the article not only analyze the value and benefits of AI for human society in various fields, but also points out the drawbacks of AI. However, there are some points in this article that are worth to discuss, such as the fact that the challenge of AI for employment will not happen only once, but it may be a series of strikes when AI is applied in various fields in phases. Secondly, the error nature of AI systems is necessarily dangerous in the medical field, which needs to be considered. In addition, the security of AI algorithms also needs to be pay attention and managed to ensure that they are not subject to malicious attacks that could cause security problems.
