PUBG, ACTION, 10, 29.99, Drops players into a competitive survival battle where you’ll engage in a heart-racing fight to be the last player left alive.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, ACTION, 8, 49.99, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare envisions the powerful battlegrounds of the future, where both technology and tactic have evolved to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise.
Resident Evil 3, ACTION, 6, 59.99, A terrifying new version of the classic third game in the survival horror series, Resident Evil 3 tells the story of S.T.A.R.S. member Jill Valentine, as she escapes from a crumbling Raccoon City, and the relentless Nemesis.
Sea of Thieves, ACTION, 4, 39.99, The freedom of the pirate life awaits in Sea of Thieves, a shared-world adventure game filled with unknown dangers and loot for the taking. Be the pirates you want to be and share adventures with friends in a world where every sail on the horizon is another crew of players with unknown intent.
Rust, ACTION, 2, 39.99, Explore an open world of real danger in Rust. The only aim here is to survive.
Dead by Daylight, ACTION, 9, 19.99, Dead by Daylight is an action-survival multiplayer game in which a killer hunts for survivors in a deadly game of cat and mouse.
It Takes Two, ADVENTURE, 9, 39.99, An innovative co-op adventure where uniquely varied gameplay and emotional storytelling intertwine in a fantastical journey.
Red Dead Redemption 2, ADVENTURE, 7, 59.99, An epic tale of life in America's unforgiving heartland. The game's vast and atmospheric world also provides the foundation for a brand new online multiplayer experience.
Resident Evil 7 Biohazard, ADVENTURE, 5, 29.99, This Resident Evil sequel once again puts players face to face with unimaginable terror in survival horror gameplay.
TheHunter: Call of the Wild, ADVENTURE, 3, 19.99, An immersive hunting experience. Step into a beautiful open world teeming with life, from majestic deer and awe-inspiring bison, down to the countless birds, critters and insects of the wilderness.
Hollow Knight, ADVENTURE, 1, 14.99, An adventure game set in the vast, inter-connected underground kingdom of Hallownest.
American Truck Simulator, Simulation, 10, 19.99, Experience the most legendary American trucks and deliver various cargoes across the United States. American Truck Simulator takes you on a journey through the breathtaking landscapes and widely recognized landmarks around the States.
Microsoft Flight Simulator, Simulation, 7, 59.99, From light planes to wide-body jets, fly highly detailed and stunning aircraft in an incredibly realistic world in Microsoft Flight Simulator, the next generation of aviation gaming.
The Sims 4, SIMULATION, 4, 39.99, The Sims return in this forth installment of the long-running sim series. The Sims 4 combines revolutionary Sims with powerful creative tools and all-new emotion-based gameplay, to reinvent The Sims experience.
Cities: Skylines, SIMULATION, 1, 29.99, A city-building simulation game that pulls players out of the public transportation offices and grants them the power of true urban planning and development.
Planet Zoo, SIMULATION, 8, 44.99, Planet Zoo features authentic living animals, rich management, and limitless creativity.
Sid Meier's Civilization VI, STRATEGY, 9, 59.99, Civilization VI offers new ways to engage with your world: cities now physically expand across the map, active research in technology and culture unlocks new potential, and competing leaders will pursue their own agendas based on their historical traits.
Satisfactory, STRATEGY, 6, 29.99, As an engineer and pioneer, you won’t only be constructing and automating the very factory that will contribute to Project Assembly, but also explore and exploit the planet and its inhabitants as you expand.
Bloons TD 6, Strategy, 3, 9.99, The Bloons are back and better than ever! Get ready for a massive 3D tower defense game designed to give you hours and hours of the best strategy gaming available.
Age of Empires II: Definitive Edition, Strategy, 10, 19.99, Age of Empires II: Definitive Edition celebrates the 20th anniversary of one of the most popular strategy games ever with stunning graphic enhancements, a new and fully remastered soundtrack, and brand-new content, The Last Khans.
Total War: Warhammer III, Strategy, 7, 59.99, Total War: Warhammer III plunges players into a cataclysmic conflict between ruinous daemonic powers and the sentinels of the mortal world. Each choice you make will shape the reality-shattering conflict to come.
